I investigated a little about your company.
Your company started in Japan as an ERP service provider, with a headquarter in the US and an offshore development center in India. Your company late joined NTT Data group, resulting in an amazing synergy effect. Your company had the ERP specialized knowledge industry experience, india delivery centers while NTT data group had the financial strength and global IT capabilities. 

You company has entered into partnership with test vendors such as HP mercury since many years ago. I believe that test professionals at your company can be benefited with high end software testing tools and advanced test plans and strategies.
It seems that your company is still new with the insurance industry. I am sure that the insurance sector will bring a big revenue growth for your company in the future. 


I live with my wife and my 8-year old on. In fact, one of my goals for coming to Japan again in December 2015 is to grow my son into a Chinese Japanese bilingual person. It seems that this goal has been achieved very well. However, I have a big concern over his school education in the future. What if we have to go back to China due to my Job security issue or visa issue at a bad timing, for example, when my son is studying in his middle school? Although I frequently encourage my son to live actively, study hard, and be excellent no matter whether in Japan or China, as a parent, I should offer more options for him and I always want to see his happy face. 

Background: I will have a job interview this Friday morning.
The job is to be a test manager leading three test engineers testing the package software at the client site, an insurance company.
I will send you scripts for edit whenever I draft something.
Interview Outline from the Recruiter
Interview content with NTT Data.
•	Self-introduction
•	Explain the current work, please try to cover your experience for testing and insurance industry.
•	Q&A questions about current project.
 
Language: English
PM: German
HR: just a short introduction
 
The interviewer might ask you some questions about:
•	Why do you want to work at NTT Data?
•	Your family.
 
Selfintroduction
I have solid development experience with C#, .net and Java technology, covering the entire software development life cycle. 
For my jobs in recent years, I have been mainly working at client sites, as a developer, support staff, or system analyst . These jobs have allowed me to interact with business users, as well as other related parties, such as network team, DB team, onsite-vendors, external vendors and offshore developers. Through these jobs, I have exposure to business domain knowledge including financial services industry and life insurance industry, and I am also be able to view the applications from both the system perspective and business perspective.  By system perspective, I mean the system architecture, web server, Database, Enterprise Service Bus, user authentication; and by business perspective, I mean the end to end business data flow. I think such experiences could definitely contribute to software package testing at the client site.



I have solid development experience covering C#, .net and Java technology, covering the entire software development life cycle. 

For my jobs in recent years, I have been mainly working at client sites, as a developer, support staff, or system analyst. These jobs have allowed me to interact with business users, as well as other related parties, such as network team, DB team, onsite-vendors, external vendors and offshore developers.


保険に関するパッケージシステム導入テストマネージャー

保険会社向けのパッケージシステムをお客様に導入する際のテスト担当地チーム（3名程度）をリードしてシステムテストを実施していただきます。
既に決められた手法によるテスト業務の実施、検証
お客様へテスト実施内容の報告
スケジュール管理、レポートの作成
（担当するシステムに関してはトレーニングを受講して頂きます。）

求められるスキル
システムテスト経験3年以上
プロジェクトでのリーダー経験
ビジネスレベルの英語力

あれば望ましいスキル
保険関連の知識、保険に関連するシステムの知識

笹本さんから引き継いだ「ツクレール」ですが、今後も私が担当すればよいでしょうか？
以下のとおりDC引っ越しに伴うテストの依頼がきています。テストの件については笹本さんから伺っていませんでした。ですので、私が担当する場合は何をどうすればよいかを確認するところから始めることになりますので、もし他の方にご担当いただくのであれば今のタイミングでお願いした方がよいかと思います。
